thanks for tuning into the headphone
samurai today we're going to check out
some brand new products here at Headroom
the PSP speakers m4u one and two
so these are some of the new PSV
speakers products I'm actually gonna
swap these out real quick and we're
gonna start with this one over here this
is the PSB m4u one this is a standard
sealed bag headphone about 299 is the
price point on these and this is
actually been out for a little while but
we've just started to get them in stock
here bedroom and this is a pretty neat
product first off they are kind of a
foldable design so they're definitely a
portable they do come with kind of a
cool case which we'll probably get to in
a little bit here cable is detachable
and you can plug it into either gear cup
so if you prefer left or right side of
cable you can go either way they're nice
adjustment here on the headband too this
is metal inside the headband here and
this hinge assembly seems like a fairly
rugged hinge assembly and overall built
good build quality on these guys they
have kind of a pleather really nice soft
leather feeling your pad but it does not
appear to be real leather I was actually
extremely impressed with these not a
really well-known brand it doesn't seem
like but sonically is a really nicely
matter I found the high frequency
response really to be very enjoyable
smooth and extended never was really
able to get these to be harsh unless you
drive them a little too loud out of an
underpowered source like an iPod or
something like that they start to give a
video little bright at higher volumes
but with an amplifier that drives them a
little more effectively I don't think
that should be a problem at all overall
these would be pretty good headphones to
drive straight from a portable source
they are designed to be a headset
for your phone your smartphone or iPhone
we can also control tracks with this
with multiple clicks so definitely
designed to be used with Allen amp but
they did seem to perform a little bit
better with an amp bass response was
pretty fun some of us around here could
have used just a hair more bass but
that's getting pretty picky
I thought these really had a very fun
and involving bass response not overdone
at all I'll just kind of write in the
mix with the mid and treble so great
sounding prod the M for you too gives a
couple different features it's very
similar in sounds to the m4 u1 but over
here on the right side we have a little
switch can leave them off and just use
them in passive mode and in that mode
they pretty much sound identical to them
for you one or you can go to the first
position which will engage a little
audio amplifier and inside the
headphones seems to give you a little
more volume and seem to make the bass
impact just a little bit stronger and
then the third setting would be the
acoustic noise-canceling so if you're on
an airplane that's probably going to
help you have a little quieter listening
environment it does seem to impact the
audio performance a little bit the
mid-range will get a little honky with
the noise canceling turned on so if
you're not on an airplane or traveling
on a noisy training or something like
that I would probably recommend just
using one of the other settings passive
or two amplifier setting again the m4
you tube can be connected on either side
with the detachable cable it's full of
all its identical and fit and size to
them for you ones so very similar just
some extra electronic features inside
the box for both of these headphones you
will get an extra audio cable that does
not have a microphone on it
and then you'll also get a carrying case
just kind of cool it's semi hardshell a
zipper case with a nice big beefy zipper
also some extra ear pads just kind of
cool they just include these for now and
we have a polishing cloth and carabiner
the noise canceling m42 comes with
batteries included so you're ready to go
and you're also gonna get some adapters
which with each of these a quarter to
eight inch adapter to get into a larger
quarter account plate so overall very
excited about these again the price
point on the m41 is 299 and the m42 is
399 great sounding products if you're in
the market for a closed back headphone
for travel I would definitely consider
these check them out at headphone calm
and don't forget to give us a call if
you have any questions we've got a great
knowledgeable staff here that be happy
to help you out and make a good decision
we'll see you next time on the headphone
Samurai